We created reactions Let's now define some cases or check for actions in the reducer.
First of all are important reactions so import everything as of actions from of reducers file of actions
fall excuse me.
And now when I use that action will be of type of actions of actions.
So all that combined type export we set up in the file just to make sure it's pretty clear does export
here.
This combined type that is the type of reaction we receive here.
Now I want to create the switch case statement and I want to switch the action type.
This is what I check and I'll switch different cases like the case that we have a type of off actions
sign up like that.
The question is what will be our state then.
Well I'll return a new object as a state where I distribute all the old state properties by using the
spread operator as used before.
But then all set authenticated to true because now we are often dictated.
This is the first step or the first case actually I'll do the same when we're signing in so I can simply
combine them and take advantage of the fall through mechanism which means if we don't break or return
in one case the next fitting case will be executed to Europe taking advantage by placing us directly
below sign up so that both cases will actually be handling the same code.
This one here of course it's a different story.
If we have a lockout action.
So for log out we actually want to return a new state to and there the state will simply be any old
state we might have but token will be set to NULL and authenticated will be set to false.
So this is the log outstate.
And finally we get a default state or just return the unchanged state like that.
That of course means you can get rid of the statement here at the end.
This is the finished producer.
The next step is to add this to our store our application wide store which we configure an app module
and then make sure that we actually can select slices from that store and dispatch actions.
So let's work on this next.